Add and update documentation image descriptions (#2)
isabela-pf/napari: docs/tutorials/segmentation/annotate_segmentation.md

In this tutorial, we will use napari to view and annotate a segmentation with bounding boxes and text labels. Here we perform a segmentation by setting an intensity threshold with Otsu's method, but this same approach could also be used to visualize the results of other image processing algorithms such as [object detection with neural networks](https://www.tensorflow.org/lite/models/object_detection/overview).

> ![image: annotated bounding box ](../assets/tutorials/annotated_bbox.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![napari viewer showing eight roughly circular shapes. The shapes are classified according to circularity and have bounding boxes automatically generated around them.](../assets/tutorials/annotated_bbox.png)
```

    )
```

> ![image: segmentation bounding box ](../assets/tutorials/segmentation_bbox.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![napari viewer showing eight roughly circular shapes, each colored differently. Each shape has a bounding box automatically generated around it. ](../assets/tutorials/segmentation_bbox.png)
```
